OADP 3144 - Installing OADP on an AWS STS cluster manually (#71534)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/performing-a-backup-oadp-aws-sts.adoc

The following example `hello-world` application has no persistent volumes (PVs) attached. Perform a backup with {oadp-first} with {aws-first} (AWS STS).

Either Data Protection Application (DPA) configuration will work.

. Create a workload to back up by running the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace hello-world
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc new-app -n hello-world --image=docker.io/openshift/hello-openshift
----

. Expose the route by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc expose service/hello-openshift -n hello-world
----

. Check that the application is working by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl `oc get route/hello-openshift -n hello-world -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}'`
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Hello OpenShift!
----

. Back up the workload by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat << EOF | oc create -f -
  apiVersion: velero.io/v1
  kind: Backup
  metadata:
    name: hello-world
    namespace: openshift-adp
  spec:
    includedNamespaces:
    - hello-world
    storageLocation: ${CLUSTER_NAME}-dpa-1
    ttl: 720h0m0s
EOF
----

> . Wait until the backup is completed and then run the following command:

Reviewer: is complete or has completed: 

```suggestion
. Wait until the backup has completed and then run the following command:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-aws-sts/oadp-aws-sts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="performing-a-backup-oadp-aws-sts_{context}"]
= Performing a backup with OADP and AWS STS

The following example `hello-world` application has no persistent volumes (PVs) attached. Perform a backup with {oadp-first} with AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS).

Either Data Protection Application (DPA) configuration will work.

> . Create a workload to back up by running the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a workload to backup by running the following commands:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace hello-world
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc new-app -n hello-world --image=docker.io/openshift/hello-openshift
----

. Expose the route by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc expose service/hello-openshift -n hello-world
----

. Check that the application is working by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl `oc get route/hello-openshift -n hello-world -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}'`
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Hello OpenShift!
----

> 

Reviewer 3: Is there unnecessary space here?

Author: Thank you!
